zeus-cln-direct-0344 (#504)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/guides/service-guides/lightning/zeus-cln-direct.rst

Zeus
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: You must first :ref:`connect to tor on your device<connecting-tor>`.
```

> Zeus is a powerful mobile wallet that can be connected directly to both LND and Core Lightning. If you'd like to connect via LNbits which allows allocation of funds, please see :ref:`this guide<connecting-lnbits>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zeus is a powerful mobile wallet that can be connected directly to both LND and Core Lightning. If you'd like to connect via LNbits, which allows allocation of funds, please see :ref:`this guide<connecting-lnbits>`.
```

.. note:: Works with both Core Lightning (CLN) and LND! If you'd like to connect Zeus to LND instead - please use :ref:`this guide<zeus-lnd>`.

#. Download `Zeus <https://zeusln.app/>`_ for your device.

#. Log into StartOS and select Services -> Core Lightning -> Properties.

    .. figure:: /_static/images/lightning/zeus-cln-direct-step3.png
        :width: 60%

#. Tap the QR code icon for "REST Quick Connect" to display the QR code.

    .. figure:: /_static/images/lightning/zeus-cln-direct-step4.png
        :width: 60%

#. In Zeus, tap "Scan node config". Allow camera access, scan the QR code, and then tap 'Save node config'.

    .. figure:: /_static/images/lightning/zeus-cln-direct-step5.png
        :width: 60%
        

>     .. note:: If you already have other nodes configured in Zeus, go to Settings.-> Connect a node -> + . Then scan the QR code, and tap "Save node config".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: If you already have other nodes configured in Zeus, go to Settings -> Connect a node -> + . Then scan the QR code, and tap "Save node config".
```

.. note:: Works with both Core Lightning (CLN) and LND! If you'd like to connect Zeus to LND instead - please use :ref:`this guide<zeus-lnd>`.

> #. Download the Zeus: Bitcoin and Lightning wallet from `App store <https://apps.apple.com/us/app/zeus-ln/id1456038895>`_ or  `Google play store <https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.zeusln.zeus>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Download `Zeus <https://zeusln.app/>`_ for your device.
```

> #. Open your Start9 server's web interface and log in.
> 
> #. Select Services -> Core Lightning -> Properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Log into StartOS and select Services -> Core Lightning -> Properties.
```

    .. figure:: /_static/images/lightning/zeus-cln-direct-step3.png

>         :width: 70%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :width: 60%
```

> #. Tap the QR code next to "REST Quick Connect" to display the QR code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Tap the QR code icon for "REST Quick Connect" to display the QR code.
```

    .. figure:: /_static/images/lightning/zeus-cln-direct-step4.png

>         :width: 70%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :width: 60%
```

> #. Ensure that your device is Tor-enabled (use Orbot). Open Zeus on your mobile device and tap "Scan node config". Allow camera access, scan the QR code, and then tap 'Save node config'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In Zeus, tap "Scan node config". Allow camera access, scan the QR code, and then tap 'Save node config'.
```

    .. figure:: /_static/images/lightning/zeus-cln-direct-step5.png

>         :width: 70%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :width: 60%
```

> #. If you already have other nodes configured in the app, go to Settings.-> Connect a node -> + . Then scan the QR code, and tap "Save node config".
> 
>     .. figure:: /_static/images/lightning/zeus-cln-direct-step6.png
>         :width: 40%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: If you already have other nodes configured in Zeus, go to Settings.-> Connect a node -> + . Then scan the QR code, and tap "Save node config".

        .. figure:: /_static/images/lightning/zeus-cln-direct-step6.png
            :width: 40%
```

> #. That's it. Your Core Lightning node should be connected to Zeus LN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. That's it. You can now use your Core Lightning Node via Zeus.
```
